You look beautiful today.
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Be the reason someone smiles today.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.
Change the world by being yourself. 
Never regret anything that made you smile.
Whatever you do, do it well. 
One day the people that don’t even believe in you will tell everyone how they met you.
Hate comes from intimidation, love comes from appreciation.
Determine your priorities and focus on them.
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud. 
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. 
May your choices reflect your hopes, not your fears. 
A happy soul is the best shield for a cruel world. 
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact.
You are loved. You have a purpose. You were made with divine intention. 
Overcome your fears by following your dreams.
Your every desire is achievable.
Even outside your comfort zone, be comfortable in your own skin.
You are a diamond. It is time for you to shine.
Never apologize for being yourself.
Accept nothing but the best.
Your past is not a reflection of your future.
Your life is a gift, take time to appreciate everything you have.
Surround yourself with positive people who will help bring out the best in you.
You are allowed to make mistakes; they don’t make up your whole story.
Difficult times are part of your journey and they allow you to appreciate the good.
You have the power to create change.
You are doing your best and that is enough.
Choose to be proud of yourself and the things you choose to do.
Let go of all that no longer serves you.
You can absolutely do anything you put your mind to.
When you allow your light to shine, you unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
No amount of guilt can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Negative thoughts only have the power you allow them.
Forgive those who have harmed you in your past and peacefully detach from them.
Many people look up to you and recognize your worth; You are admired.
Everything that is happening now is happening for your ultimate good.
You are a powerhouse; You are indestructible.
Though these times are difficult, they are only a short phase of life.
Your efforts are being supported by the universe; Your dreams will manifest into reality before your eyes.
You radiate beauty, charm, and grace.
Your life is made for joy. Live with exuberance.
Spend less time dwelling on the past. Focus on what lies ahead instead.
Be the spark that ignites the flame in the lives of others. 
Remember to tell someone you love them today. 
There are countless adventures you have not been on yet.
When things go wrong, don't go with them
Happiness is an uphill battle. Wear the good shoes.
Without ice cream, there would be chaos and darkness.
Happiness is like jam. You can't spread even a little without getting some on yourself.
For every minute you are angry you lose 60 seconds of happiness.
The most important thing is to look ahead. The past is your anchor.
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. 
In the end, everything will be okay. If it’s not okay, it’s not yet the end.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Small steps in the right direction are better than big steps in the wrong direction.
What we call the beginning is often the end. And to make an end is to make a beginning. The end is where we start from.
Life is all about balance. You don’t always need to be getting stuff done. Sometimes it’s perfectly okay, and absolutely necessary, to shut down, kick back, and do nothing.
Saying nothing sometimes says the most.
What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
A goal should scare you a little and excite you a lot.
We did not come to fear the future. We came here to shape it.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it.
All the power is within you. You can do anything.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
Sometimes you have to lose a lot just to find out who you truly are.
What the future will be, is hidden deep in the unknown.
Paths are carved out by walking.
Remember that not everyone wants the best for you. Some simply wish to see you fail miserably.
Don’t be pushed by your fears, be led by your dreams!
Life has no limitations except the ones we make.
What oxygen is to the lungs, such is hope to the meaning of life.
Do something everyday that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow.
It is when you struggle that you strengthen. It is when challenged to your core that you learn the depth of who you are.
Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.
Sometimes it takes a good fall to really know where you stand.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it’s the ability to deal with them.
Just like there’s always time for pain, there’s always time for healing.
The less you respond to negative people, the more peaceful your life will become.
Take life one step at a time. Look forward to your future, stop looking back and regretting the past, the past is the past because it does not last.
There is no force more powerful than someone who is determined to rise.
The biggest mistake we could ever make is being too afraid to make one.
You cannot control the behaviour of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.